Add frost-the-production-impact-and-why-it-matters review to tabconf/2024 (#610)
bitcointranscripts/bitcointranscripts: tabconf/2024/frost-the-production-impact-and-why-it-matters.md

Secure channel means this is a channel that allows you to send encrypted messages and it's authenticated.
The other primitive they need to use or they need to use in order to build a DKG in the FROST paper is a broadcast channel.
And a broadcast channel is often misunderstood what it is, at least if you give it to an engineer, the engineer will think that a broadcast channel just means that you send messages to everyone, but that's not what a cryptographic broadcast channel is.
And so when reading the first paper and wanting to implement that, you need to understand that.
And the advantage of ChillDKG is that, essentially, it does all that thinking for you.
We call it, it's a standalone implementation, so it doesn't refer to these external primitives like secure channels or the broadcast channel.
It deals with the edge cases that you mentioned, and it has a couple of additional features that are useful for a DKG.
For example, it has some relatively novel approach to to backups, it works with an untrusted coordinator, and things like that.

## Signing

Satsie: 00:10:19

Nice thank you for that. Yeah, check out ChillDKG when you have a moment.

> Okay, so we're gonna talk about the second part of FROST which is the signing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Okay, so we're going to talk about the second part of FROST which is the signing.
```
